SQL statements support simple literal, as well as Unicode usage (#21314)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/language/types.rst

    Variable length character data with an optional maximum length.

    Example type definitions: ``varchar``, ``varchar(20)``.

    SQL supports simple and Unicode string literals:

>      - Literal string : ``'Hello winter !'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Literal string : ``'Hello winter !'``
```
Either all, or none, of the items in a bulleted list need punctuation. If one requires punctuation then they all must. 

In this case, you end each item with inline code. Readers who copy your code examples may accidentally include the period at the end of the list item. Suggest removing the not wrong, but not needed punctuation to improve the reader's use of the doc. Remove the punctuation from every item in this list.

>      - Unicode string with default escape character: ``U&'Hello winter \2603 !'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Unicode string with default escape character: ``U&'Hello winter \2603 !'``.
```

>      - Unicode string with custom escape character: ``U&'Hello winter #2603 !' UESCAPE '#'``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Unicode string with custom escape character: ``U&'Hello winter #2603 !' UESCAPE '#'``
```

    A Unicode string is prefixed with ``U&`` and requires an escape character

>     before any Unicode character usage with 4 digits. In the examples above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    before any Unicode character usage with 4 digits. In these examples
```

    ``\2603`` and ``#2603`` represent a snowman character. Long Unicode codes

>     with 6 digits require usage of the plus symbol before the code. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    with 6 digits require a plus symbol ``+`` before the code. For example,
```

>     you need to use ``\+01F600`` for a grinning face emoji.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    use ``\+01F600`` for a grinning face emoji.
```

    Example type definitions: ``varchar``, ``varchar(20)``

>     SQL supports various types of string literals, including simple and Unicode strings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    SQL supports simple and Unicode string literals:
```

Suggested editing for conciseness and precision. "Various types...including" is vague and does not add information to the sentence.
